Xu Tao, are you rich or against the law?
Nope.
I just bought the company
acquisition
Is that the company where my uncle works as a security guard?
Where did you get so much money?
You can't break the law, can you?
Did you say you went to borrow a loan shark?
Or go to the bank to steal money?
I don't have Mengqi.
That company originally belonged to me and my dad
Besides, I bought this company on my own
What about the boss who owes you his heart?
I sent him away.
Mengqi, don't worry so much
i
I'm not a small security guard anymore
So
I feel I have the right to express my heart
Are you confessing to me?
Do the math?
But you know
I have always regarded you as my good bamboo horse
And I'm already engaged
I know, I just don't think he's good enough for you.
You're not happy, are you?
Mengqi
Why are you here?
Who is this guy?
My high school classmate
Hey, sorry, sorry, the cup is broken.
You are so pretty today!
I haven't used my mind reading skills today
What are you thinking?
This one especially likes Lin Mengqi
I haven't gotten it in so many years
Too bad this woman is my simp
Sooner or later I will let you show your true colors
Dumped by Mengqi